{
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: Senior Developer .net,c#,angular\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: India\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: C#,Angular,.NET\nSecondary Skills: C++\n\nJob Description:\nAbout HCL HCLTech is a global technology company, spread across 60 countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around digital, engineering, cloud and AI, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Public Services. We’re powered by our people - a global, diverse, multi-generational talent - representing 161 nationalities whose unique spark, perspective and boundless passion drive our culture of proactive value creation and problem-solving.Our purpose is to bring together the best of technology and our people to supercharge progress for everyone, everywhere - our clients, partners, their stakeholders, communities, and the planet. As a company, we are deeply focused on accelerating our ESG agenda. We are also creating technology-enabled sustainable solutions with and for our clients and partners. We embed ESG imperatives into every aspect of our business and ensure that the progress we supercharge is responsible, inclusive and beneficial to all our stakeholders in the long term. We have committed to achieving net zero by 2040.To learn more about how we can supercharge progress for you, visit www.hcltech.comJob Summary The Senior Developer specializing in .net, C#, and Angular will be responsible for developing high-quality software applications using these technologies. The role involves collaborating within team to develop, and implement solutions that meet client requirements.Key Responsibilities 1. Develop and maintain .net, c#, and angular applications throughout the software development lifecycle2. Participate in the design and architecture of software solutions3. Write clean, efficient, and testable code4. Troubleshoot, debug, and resolve technical issues5. Collaborate with team members to ensure project success6. Stay updated with the latest technology trends and best practices in .net, c#, and angular developmentSkill Requirements 1. Proficiency in .net framework, c#, and angular2. Strong understanding of object-oriented programming3. Experience with restful apis and web services4. Knowledge of frontend technologies such as html, css, and javascript5. Familiarity with relational databases and sql6. Good problem-solving and analytical skills7. Good communication and teamwork abilities8. Ability to work effectively in a fast paced environmentMust Have Skills C#Angular.NETGood to have Skills Other Requirements 1. Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer (MCSD) certification is preferred but not mandatory required\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone",
  "industry": "Any Industry"
}