{
  "industry": "Any Industry",
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: Senior Software Developer\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: Germany\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: HTML,JavaScript,React.js\nSecondary Skills: N/A\n\nJob Description:\nJob Summary   The Senior React.js Developer is responsible for developing, enhancing, and maintaining high-quality web applications that meet both client requirements and organizational standards. This role plays a crucial part in delivering robust solutions while ensuring timely project delivery and adherence to quality benchmarks. The Senior Developer will leverage their expertise in React.js and related technologies to guide junior developers, troubleshoot issues, and collaborate with cross-functional teams.   Good to Have Skill      Key Responsibilities    1. Maintain And Enhance Existing Applications By Troubleshooting Bugs, Resolving Ad-Hoc Requests, And Implementing New Features Using React.Js And Javascript, Ensuring Alignment With Client Specifications And Quality Standards.2. Provide Day-To-Day Client Support By Presenting Data, Resolving Tickets, And Monitoring Requirements, While Effectively Managing Schedules To Ensure Timely Delivery Of Development Tasks.3. Create And Update Technical Documentation And Enhancement Plans In Accordance With Cmmi Standards And Client Requirements To Facilitate Clear Communication And Project Tracking.4. Offer Technical Guidance And Mentorship To Junior Developers, Sharing Best Practices And Coding Standards To Foster A Collaborative Learning Environment.5. Collaborate With Clients And Internal Teams To Gather Detailed Requirements For Development, Ensuring A Comprehensive Understanding Of Project Objectives.   Skill Requirements    1. Proficiency In React.Js And Javascript Development.2. Strong Understanding Of Html And Css For Web Application Design.3. Familiarity With Version Control Systems Such As Git.4. Basic Knowledge Of Agile Methodologies And Development Lifecycle.5. Excellent Problem-Solving Skills And Attention To Detail.   Other Requirements  1. Optional But Valuable Certifications Include React.Js Certification Or Relevant Javascript Development Credentials.\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone"
}